Hey, guys, beauty in this video here.
teach you two ways to print
of the screen in your xperia is 3 and also
force the restart if it has
because we know that this
model has internal battery can not
be removable so if you catch you will have
which forces the restart then to
to print here is very simple you
button will turn off
together with decreasing the volume
here o
press and hold for two
seconds the same time being
saved in gallery
the other way is much simpler enough
press the power off button
pressed and will give you the option here
capture the screen image is enough
press here and it will be captured well
simple even this model that has this
function here that on / off button
so it's very useful
let's assume now that he's stuck
you will have to force the good restart
To restart it you have to
pressing the power button turns off
together with that of increasing the volume
here o
the pepsi simultaneously stayed
for 10 to 15 seconds.
he and he will force the restart there
unlocking device
so the staff if the video helped click
I liked sharing the video, let
comments there and that's it